Inventory Management Scenarios

Team Members

Sam Fletcher, Tyler Nelson, Joel Scott

S1: Adding items to IMS
  The user will be given new items by their company management to put into 
the Inventory management system. with this info they will have the item ID, 
name, description, cost, amount of available stock, vendorId, etc. when 
they choose add item, it will then ask which category to place the item under. 
once its destination has been chosen it will then ask for the required info 
for the item to be logged into the system. The System then takes the information 
of that item and adds it to the list of items that are in that category. 

S2: Removeing an item from IMS
	in this senario an item is removed from the file based storage system. the user will initially 
specify a file in which to pull the required item out of, for example a Blue shirt that is being discontinued. 
once the user has selected the category file Shirts, the user will select the item from a drop down list or search 
it on the drop down list and select the item. once the item has been selected the user will be prompted if they 
wish to continue with deletion. if they chose confirm the item is removed from the list updating the file with 
the item now removed, but if they hit cancel the item will not be removed and the selection wil be canceled.

S3: editing an item to remove stock or adjust prices.
	in this senario a user is editing an item from their file based storage system with the IMS. the user will 
specify the file and chose edit item from the list of options. once there they will specify which item to change 
for example from the drinks category, their editing the cokes price range due to a shortage. they will select the 
cokes and be sent to an editor in which they can change any info curently specified on this item. since they are 
editing the price they will scroll to price and change it. once they have made their changes they will be asked to 
confirm their changes, if yes the changes will be saved, if not their price will remain the same.

S4: Adding categories to the IMS
  In this scenario the user will be given a task by management to put the new items that have just 
arrived. In this case the user will go the system and find that there are no categories that
match this specific type of item. The user will select the item for adding a new category into the 
system. In the case of adding the new category, the user will be asked for the name of the new 
category to input it into the system. The new category will then be placed into the listing of all 
other categories so that items may now be placed into it. 

S5: Searching for an item in the IMS by category
  In this scenario the user will be searching through the IMS to try and find an item. The user will select an option 
to search by category. Once the user has selected the option to search by category they will be prompted to input more 
information. The user will then be prompted to input the name of the category and the item that they wish to search for. 
If the user is able to find the item in the IMS then the program will give them the quantity and price of the item. If 
the user is unable to find the item in the selected category they will recieve a message telling them that the item could 
not be found and they will be directed back to the home menu. 
  
S6: Cost of goods sold and gross profit
  In this scenario the user will be given the task to determine what the cost of goods sold was and what the 
gross profit is for a selected set of dates. The user will select an option for prices involving the goods. 
They will then be given a choice of two items, see the value for cost of goods sold or see the gross profit. 
The user will select the option to see the gross profit and will be prompted to enter the selected 
dates that they want to see the information for, or select an option to view the overall gross profit for the 
store. The user will be displayed information relating to the choice they had selected, and will be given an 
option to return back to the home menu. 

S7: Searching for an item in the IMS by lot number 
  In this scenario the user will be searching through the IMS to try and find an item. The user will select an option to serach 
by lot number. Once the user has selected the option to search by lot number they will be prompted to input more information. 
The user  will then be prompted to enter the lot number and the name of the item. If the user is able to find the item the program 
will give them the quantity and price of the item. If the program is unable to find the item they will recieve a message telling 
them that the item could not be found and they will be directed back to the home menu. 

S8: Searching for a category of Items for stocking totals
  In this senario we are asked to look in the IMS system for a list of items
for stocking totals. First off, we need to search for a category so lets say
Drinks for example. The user will then look through the drop down menu for Drinks.
once Drinks is found they will open up the filter window and sort it by stock amounts.
with the filter selected, they can hit a button to view the text File in whichis now 
filtered by stock totals. So now the user sees the text file pop up and knows what 
needs the highest priority in stocking items since the file is sorted by stock 
totals.

S9: Sorting by best selling product
  In this scenario the user will be viewing their best selling products to help them with them in deciding 
what to order. After opening the program, the user will click on the “Analyze” button (name and wording 
on the button is subject to change), showing a dropdown menu of options. They will then select the option 
to view their best selling products. This will show a window that allows them to see their products listed 
by best selling.
  
S10: Selecting LIFO/FIFO
  In this scenario, the user will be selecting how they want their product to be released when they remove it from the 
system. When the user elects to remove an item from the system, if no selection has been previously made, they will be 
prompted to choose between last in first out or first in first out. If they decide to change this from one of the menu items 
later on, they will be given a warning message to make sure they comply with accounting regulations, then be able to select 
“Confirm” or “Cancel.”
